##Trees

In the world of data structures, trees stand out as a *non-linear structure*. They are similar to 
real-life trees; the only difference is they are inverted. That means the root of this data structure 
is at the top then the branches and then comes leaves. Trees are especially useful for representing 
*hierarchical data*. Moreover, we unknowingly use the tree data structure almost every day on our 
computer as all the files on our computer are organized in the tree data structure only. Now, if 
you are a Windows user, just open your command prompt, type in the command “tree” and see 
what happens.

**Anatomy of Trees:**
- Root Node: The starting point of the tree, which has no parent.
- Child Nodes: Nodes directly connected to another node as you move away from the root.
- Parent Nodes: Nodes directly connected to another node as you move towards the root.
- Leaf Nodes: Nodes with no children and representing the endpoints or edges of the tree.
- Binary Tree: A type of tree where each node has at most two children, called the left and
  right children.
- Subtree: Any node and its descendants can be considered a subtree of the main tree.
  

**Tree Traversal Methods:**
1. Level-order Traversal: Visits nodes level by level from top to bottom, starting from the root.
2. Depth-First Traversal:
 1. Pre-order Traversal: Visit the root, then the left subtree, followed by the
     right subtree. (Root → Left → Right)
 2. In-order Traversal: Visit the left subtree, then the root, followed by the
     right subtree. (Left → Root → Right)
 3. Post-order Traversal: Visit the left subtree, then the right subtree, and finally the
     root. (Left → Right → Root)
